Student Standing Feature (#1468)
pupilfirst/pupilfirst: docs/users/students.md

Inactive students can be reactivated by moving to a cohort that is not ended or reactivating a dropped out student from the _Actions_ tab.

## Student Standing

Pupilfirst allows you to reward students for positive actions and penalize them for negative actions. This is done through a feature called [Standing](/users/school_standing).

![Student standing page](../assets/students/school_student_standing_page.png)

The standing page contains the following information:

1. **Current Standing:** This section displays the current standing of the student with a standing shield and standing name, along with the color of standing.

2. **Standing Logs:** This section displays the standing logs of students. Each standing log is displayed as a card with the following information:

   - The standing shield styled with color of the standing.
   - The standing name styled with color of the standing.

>    - The reason for change in standing.

Reviewer: We shouldn't imply that a change in standing is always required when adding entries to the log.

```suggestion
   - The details of the standing log entry.
```

   - The date and time when the standing log was created.
   - The name of the user who created the standing log.

3. **Add Standing Log:** This section allows you to add a new standing log for the student. The `change standing` section has the following elements:

>    - A dropdown to select a standing from the list of standings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A dropdown to select a standing from the list of available standings.
```

>    - A markdown editor to enter the reason for the change in standing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A markdown editor to type in the details of the entry in the log.
```

>    - A button to change the standing of the student and add a standing log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A button add an entry to the standing log and to optionally change the standing of the student.
```
